My time in the ROTC program started actually when I was in high school
and I joined the JROTC program and my time in the JROTC program started
when I accidentally enrolled into it.  So I was choosing classes
and it was my freshman year and I didn't know what classes I wanted
to take but I am more of like a science person, like an engineer and
so I saw this class and it said nautical science and I said, ah,
like another science class like that would be cool so I signed up for
it and my dean comes up to me later and she was like, “Congratulations
Julianne you've just joined the JROTC program” and I was like,
“I'm sorry I'm a cheerleader I don't really do those things,” but I
ended up falling in love with the program in high school and got picked
up for a full ride scholarship to USC through the NROTC program
to go to the University of Southern California and that's how I ended
up in the NROTC program.